These are the five primary application scenarios supported by Azure AD:
Case-1:
1. Web browser to web application: A user needs to sign in to a web application that is secured by Azure AD.

Case-2:
2. Web application to web API: A web application needs to get resources from a web API secured by Azure AD.

Case-3:
3. Single-page application (SPA): A user needs to sign in to a single-page application that is secured by Azure AD.

4. Native application to web API: A native application that runs on a phone, tablet, or PC needs to authenticate a 
user to get resources from a web API that is secured by Azure AD.

5. Daemon or server application to web API: A daemon application or a server application with no web user 
interface needs to get resources from a web API secured by Azure AD.


Web application to web API: A web application needs to get resources from a web API secured by Azure AD.

There are two ways to authenticate the web app and invoke web apis:

User Identity: Where user login credentials are used to authenticate.

When user 1 logged into the web app and the same user identity is used to access the secured web api.




Application identity: Where web Application credentials are used to authenticate the app.

In this case all the users of the tenant are by default able to login ,but Web application identity is used to invoke the secured web api.

In this case web Applicaton identity is used to login the web app and the same is passed to access secure web api.

In ths case we have one AD app registration for web app and another AD app registration for web api.
 Note: In this case we have to create Application ID URI of Web API in web application.

So Web application will have to send Application ID URI along with client ID and secret at the time of login to get the access tocken which will be used to access the secured web api.

Reply URL and redirect URI : For a web API or web application, the Reply URL is the location where Azure AD will send the authentication response, including a token if authentication was successful. 
For a native application, the Redirect URI is a unique identifier to which Azure AD will redirect the user-agent in an OAuth 2.0 request.

Application ID: The ID for an application, which is generated by Azure AD when the application is registered. 
When requesting an authorization code or token, the Application ID and Key are sent to Azure AD during authentication.

Key/Secret: The key that’s sent along with an Application ID when authenticating to Azure AD to call a web API

